BigAnimal: PgBouncer option (#3714)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/getting_started/creating_a_cluster/index.mdx

Enable the **Custom Maintenance Window** option and use the controls to set a weekly 60-minute maintenance window in which maintenance upgrades occur for the cluster. If you don't set a window, the updates are applied at EDB's discretion with prior notification.  

> #### Read-only Workloads

Reviewer: delete this heading

    
For information on replication lag while using read-only workloads, see [Synchronous replication](/biganimal/latest/overview/02_high_availability/#synchronous-replication). 

> #### PgBouncer

Reviewer: Consider reordering the info a bit.

- Describe the benefits of PgBouncer. 
- Describe the two deployment options mentioning the server side deployment incurs additional cost.
- Then how to enable the server side deployment. 
You have all the right words (with one minor exception). I think we just need to put them together a little differently.

!!! Note
    Enabling PgBouncer incurs additional costs. For more information, see [PgBouncer costs](../../pricing_and_billing/#pgbouncer-costs).

Enable **PgBouncer** to have it manage your connections to Postgres databases and help your workloads run more efficiently. This tool is particularly useful if you plan to use more than a few hundred active connections. For more information, visit the [PgBouncer documentation](https://www.pgbouncer.org/community.html).

Use the **PgBouncer Configuration Settings** dropdown menu to set PgBouncer-specific GUCs. Select the Read-Write and Read-Only tabs according to the type of connection you wish to configure. 

> PgBouncer can be deployed at either the server side or client side. This implementation is a server side deployment, which provides the user with an out-of-box use experience and advanced features like clustering. For more information on client side deployment, see [Configuring EDB PgBouncer for BigAnimal](../../using_cluster/02_connecting_your_cluster/pgbouncer_configuring). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PgBouncer can be deployed at either the server side or client side. This implementation is a server side deployment, which provides the user with an out-of-box user experience and advanced features like clustering. For more information on client side deployment, see [Configuring EDB PgBouncer for BigAnimal](../../using_cluster/02_connecting_your_cluster/pgbouncer_configuring). 
```
```suggestion
PgBouncer can be deployed at either the server side or client side. This implementation is a server side deployment, which provides the user with an out-of-box user experience and advanced features like clustering. For more information on client side deployment, see [Configuring EDB PgBouncer for BigAnimal](../../using_cluster/02_connecting_your_cluster/pgbouncer_configuring). 
```

> PgBouncer can be deployed at either the server side or client side. This implementation is a server side deployment, which provides the user with an out-of-box user experience and advanced features like clustering. For more information on client side deployment, see [Configuring EDB PgBouncer for BigAnimal](../../using_cluster/02_connecting_your_cluster/pgbouncer_configuring). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PgBouncer can be deployed at either the server side or client side. This option enables a server side deployment, which provides the user with an out-of-box user experience and advanced features like clustering. For more information on client side deployment, see [Configuring EDB PgBouncer for BigAnimal](../../using_cluster/02_connecting_your_cluster/pgbouncer_configuring). 
```

    
For information on replication lag while using read-only workloads, see [Standby replicas](/biganimal/latest/overview/02_high_availability/#standby-replicas). 

#### PgBouncer

!!! Note
    Enabling PgBouncer incurs additional costs. For more information, see [PgBouncer costs](../../pricing_and_billing/#pgbouncer-costs).

Enable **PgBouncer** to have it manage your connections to Postgres databases and help your workloads run more efficiently. To learn more about PgBouncer, see the [Supported extensions and tools](/biganimal/latest/overview/extensions_tools/#edb-pgbouncer) topic.

> Use the **PgBouncer Configuration Settings** dropdown menu to set PgBouncer-specific GUCs. Select the Read-Write and Read-Only tabs according to the type of connection you wish to configure. 

Reviewer 2: Let's call these PgBouncer-specific settings, not PgBouncer-specific GUCs. The PgBouncer docs themselves call them settings and not GUCs: https://www.pgbouncer.org/config.html. GUC is a Postgres-specific acronym.
